# Feedback from betatester

## Upload in diffent language

Uploading a CV in french causes issues

- Add feedback to user in case of error

## Security

When data is generated by an LLM, it should be prrofed by the user before being saved in the DB

## Onboarding

- User wants to click on the action to do

## What happens after upload

- All experience are shown as work

## Action button

- At the bottom, not visible, need floating

## Loosing date on import

- User may click on settings, or other page while doing the import, and loose it all

## Stories

- When a user edit stories, an press back to stories, should go back to where they are comming from (full list, or experiences list)
- Avoid generating too many stories
- Do not allucinate when creating stories or KPI.

## Flow

- User uploaded job (in german) - Checked match -> Generated CV (the left)

## Profile

- Need to show a progress, and a guide when editing

When editing a section, I see a status label: Draft or Complete.Is this just a way to remind the user whether the content has been confirmed, or does it have a functional impact? What happens if I don’t set it to Complete?

In the cover letter generation, if I want to regenerate a different version, it would be useful to have a panel where I can guide the system in the right direction (e.g. by inserting instructions such as “more formal”, “highlight these skills more”, etc.).

When we need to update the profile section, there is a save button at the end of the page which is not visible to the user unless we scroll down, or are reminded (there's no reminder at the moment) and we lose the update.

Would it help if you would place a profile completion score to incentivize the users to input more data? As an example the canvas functionality is available only if we define a goal, aspiration, value and strength.

On the same page, once we key in a specific career aspiration we can't edit it. The only option seems to delete and redefine it.

the ability to track my job applications directly within the app. (rejected, interview stage, offer, etc.).

support interview preparation by generating tailored talking points about the company, suggesting questions I might be asked, and proposing thoughtful questions I could ask the interviewer

Connections - this would help to create a micro-environment to increase the user count. The coaches would help their clients by accessing their work streams

It would be great to also allow users to paste a direct link to the job posting.
